["This generic Amazon brand guitar stand is light weight in many aspects: the metal tube thickness and diameter, connecting pins, and foam/rubber paddings. If you just want an extra stand to use at home with a light instrument, it's fine; that's what I got it for. If you want something durable that can take being on the road and tossed around a little, or showcase your prized instrument, this may not be what you want. The connecting pins attaching moveable parts are flimsy and likely to snap with extended opening and closing. If that happens, easily replaceable with hardware store parts. It is what it is.", 'I bought this for my daughter to store her electric guitar in her room within easy reach. She plays it more often since it is easier to grab without having to dig it out of the guitar case.', 'inexpensive, but does the job nicely.', "It's a guitar stand. Beware.... says not designed for jazz basses?", 'I have my first guitar customized with a bunch of pedals on the back, and this stand holds the guitar safely and perfectly n without contscting the pedals. Cheap and effective', 'Excellent product!', 'Came the very next day and was affordable. Very sturdy!!', 'There are a few issues I found, the legs are too short for stability which also allows it to hit the guitars headstock on the wall if you put the back leg to the wall. Sometimes when you pick up the guitar, the bottom will flip and fold on its own, you can not switch guitars fast, when tracking, I like a fast smooth switch, so now it also becomes a work flow issue. The only use I can think of for the Amazon Basics Adjustable Folding Guitar Stand would be for a child or beginner.', "Product and its design is completely useless. Doesn't even stand when you put a guitar in it! It will get top heavy and fall over every time, even with the lightest guitar!", "assembling this stand discovered the pieces would not securely assemble. very poor quality unsafe for my instrament. don't waste your time or money.", 'This is a cheap piece of garbage. For the same price guitar center will sell you one that stands up.', "I have many guitars ranging from small to large, shaped thin to wide, electric, acoustic, etc. I wanted a stand that I could easily take with me anywhere I took a guitar. This is a basic guitar stand that works well. It's not the most stable stand, but it's stable enough. It's very simple to put together and take apart to throw in my guitar bag. The neck adjusts well to different heights and I really like that it has a rubber band holding the neck in place. I also like that there is also padding on the areas that the guitar will touch. Works well for what I need it for!", "This guitar stand is easy to put together, and works well with my electric guitar. My much larger 12-string acoustic fits on it as well. It's not quite as sturdy as my previous guitar stand, but it works reasonably well. The metal edges are padded and there's the rubber locking band to hold the neck in place. It's not perfect, doesn't feel super sturdy, but it does its job. As a budget option, this is a good choice.", 'Make sure to lock the feet into position or the stand will fall over. This stand is more or less OK but the short legs make it somewhat unstable on carpet.', 'Managed to put this together in no time flat, even without looking at the directions. Seems like a good starter stand so far', 'This stand is almost a copy of another stand that I have. Very standard design, fit, and finish. I do like that it comes apart and folds up a bit, but not sure about the utility of it. Not much to say except this thing is as basic as they get!\n\nI will say, for what you get, the value is not great. Seems a bit steeply priced for this style of guitar stand. I dropped a star for value.', "This stand is great. It holds up well, it's sturdy and doesn't feel like its going to fall over on carpet. It holds her guitar very well.", "This is not the best guitar stand I own, but it works. Don't pick it up near the neck rest because the lock isn't tight and it giggles, which feels awkward. Also, the resting bracket is okay but a little cheap feeling; it doesn't exactly click into place but just slides through and sits put. The two main pieces tighten together nicely so it's still easy to pick up and go.", "This is a basic little guitar stand. It's easy to put together and sturdy. It collapses down to a tiny size, and is also easy to store away.\n\nThe base that holds the bottom of the guitar isn't fixed and can sway back and forth a bit. Still, it's padded, and is an inexpensive way to keep your instrument on display.", 'I think the construction of this stand is nice super easy and convenient for packing but the folding bottom support has exposed metal. The piece folds which is convenient for packing up and traveling but it doesn’t have any thing protecting your guitar from the metal or c-clip on the end of the pin. I just imagine accidentally banging my bass into it, and any time something like that happens it just makes me really upset. For a basic stand everything else is great. I think I will find something that I can use to cover up that exposed metal so I won’t worry about it as much.', 'Although inexpensive, the Amazon Basics Guitar Stand is not cheap. It looks and functions just as well as a similar guitar stand that I paid twice as much for. It was easy to assemble and it is sturdy, yet also portable. My guitar is secure in the stand and easily accessible anytime the mood for an impromptu jam session strikes. I have yet to be disappointed with any Amazon Basics product I have tried.', "The stand is made of sturdy metal and it folds up for easy storage and transport. It's also adjustable to fit a variety of guitars, including acoustic, electric, bass, and banjos. The stand has soft foam padding on the arms and backrest to protect your guitar from scratches and dents. It also has non-slip rubber feet to keep it from slipping on smooth surfaces. I highly recommend this stand to anyone looking for a reliable and affordable way to store their guitar.", "The Amazon Basics line has some really interesting and surprising products. I wouldn't have even thought to look there for something as random as a guitar stand, but here we are. The quality is great, it is very sturdy and I am confident it will keep my guitar safe and up off the ground. It comes in a rather small box and requires a tiny bit of assembly but once out and put together, it is standard size and offers all the same features that you'd expect in a guitar stand. The prongs that hold the base and neck of the guitar are padded and have a grippy texture so nothing will be slipping around. I am very pleased with this guitar stand and if I need another I will certainly get this model again.", "This handy little stand took about five minutes to put together, and it holds one guitar exactly as described.\n\nThe one thing to note is that the bottom (padded) base is not fixed and does sway from side to side, so you should be aware of that when you're putting the guitar in. It's not likely to tip over, but if you're like me you do feel that little skip of a heart beat when the guitar moves unexpectedly as you set it down.\n\nOnce it's strapped in, it seems sturdy and secure, and it's a good way to show off your guitar in the corner of a room. Just what I was looking for!", "Holds the ol' guitar very well. Amazon Basics is packing a punch here. Easy to assemble and priced just right, it is hard to beat this stand. It is adjustable and foldable as well, if you were needing to take this on the road. Overall, great stand and another great product from Amazon Basics.", "This Amazon Basics guitar stand is a great investment for any guitar enthusiast. It's a tried and true design, and similar to the higher priced stands I've purchased in the past. The adjustable folding design makes it easy to store and transport, and the height is adjustable to fit acoustic and electric guitars, bass guitars, and banjos. The stand is sturdy, with good quality rubber contact points, and it holds my guitars securely without any wobbling or tipping. The rubber safety strap is a nice addition that my older guitar stands lack. Overall, this is a simple yet effective guitar stand at an affordable price.", 'This is a good, basic standing guitar rack. It comes with easy to do instructions.\n\nThe sturdy tripod base with thick metal support bars and anti-slip rubber feet and the rubberized padding holds your guitar upright to keep it from getting scratched or slipping.\n\nIf you are looking for an affordable guitar stand, this is it!', 'This is a pretty nice stand, really nice considering the price. The rubber coating is thick and more than adequate to protect from any scratches. I wish the bottom was lockable instead of free swinging but its minor and not going to move with the guitar resting on it. I was expecting decent but am actually impressed with it.', 'This Amazon Basics guitar stand is of good quality and fits my classical guitar with no issues. The stand is fairly lightweight but sturdy for the price. Definitely worth buying if you are looking for a basic one.', "I have a lot of ukuleles and quite a few guitars as well. All my guitar holders are also compatible with ukes, but not this one. The neck holder is really only for necks and ukulele headstock will slip right through. If you scrunch it down, it's possible longer ukuleles (like a baritone) can use it, but it's clearly meant more for a guitar, which is fine. It is nicely made, sturdy metal, easy to assemble, and has a strap like lock you can use. The legs are better than most tripod types. I like it.", 'Very easy to assemble. Basic model but does exactly what it is supposed to. I love that there is a tag to lock the guitar neck in place when it rests on the stand.', 'Gave this to my kid so she had another option of where to put her guitar. She loves it!', 'This Amazon Basics guitar stand is of lightweight but durable construction. Love the minimal iron frame, which is wrapped in soft padding where it touches the guitar. Instructions are also clear and easy to follow. Would recommend.', "This stand is easy to set up and super portable when bringing guitars to events. It's also very low profile and great to use in a small space full time", 'The stand was quick and easy to assemble. There are instructions in the back of the little manual to show how to put it together.\n\nIt works well for both the acoustic and electric guitar. It has a little latch at the neck to help hold it into place.\n\nLooks great and it’s portable if you need it to be.', 'This stand is just as good as the others I have tried with my dreadnought but at a better price. I also like the strap across the "c" where you rest the neck. Adjustable. Padded so it won\'t damage your guitar\'s finish.', 'This is just what we needed, it has good padding, making me feel confident to put my guitar on it and is super simple to assemble.\n\nIt did take me a bit of time adjusting the neck and feet to get to where it no longer felt tippy, but I finally got it adjusted just right and it feels fairly secure.\n\nCertainly a nice way to display your guitar and you notice the guitar not the stand.\n\nSimple to use and does it’s job well and a good value.\n\nHappy with my order.', 'In the picture it looks like it fits a full size guitar. But it is way too small for my classical acoustic.', 'It’s a sturdy stand and was easy to put together.', 'Ottimo compromesso tra modica spesa e qualità generale.\nSe state cercando uno stand ultra-sicuro per la vostra Fender Custom Shop da 4k€ o per il vostro Fodera Imperial 6 Elite il prodotto non fa affatto al caso vostro. Specialmente se il contesto di utilizzo è piuttosto "movimentato".\nMa se vi serve solo un supporto per il vostro "onesto" strumento, durante le sessioni di studio quotidiano, penso possa andare più che bene.\nFacilissimo da montare e smontare. Struttura completamente in metallo. Con protezioni morbide nei punti d\'appoggio dello strumento. Non è tra i modelli più stabile alle sollecitazioni in commercio ma, visto il prezzo di vendita, il suo lavoro lo fa.\nAdatto ad uno studio come appoggio temporaneo. Poco indicato per un contesto affollato e movimentato come può essere una sala prove o, peggio ancora, un palco.', 'ottimo rapporto prezzo-qualità. Pur essendo leggero e poco ingormbante il supporto è molto stabile e bene rivestito per evitare che la chitarra si graffi. Ottimo!', 'En mi opinión un poco justo de estabilidad pero ligero y plegable. Bien para dejar una guitarra en casa sin peligro y como alternativa a un soporte de pared', 'Ottimo Stand per chitarra elettrica economico fa il suo dovere egregiamente', 'questo stand è ottimo per la mia chitarra mi sento di consigliarlo', "Finalmente materiali un po' più robusti.\nA questo prezzo sono il top.\nEro restío a comprarle ma a questo prezzo ho provato... Non cercate altro date retta", 'Leggerissimo,facile da montare,molto robusto,ottimo prodotto', '👍👍👍👍👍👍👍', 'Vor Jahren durfte ich schon einmal einen AMAZON Basics Gitarrenständer rezensieren. Das war der BESTE, den ich je hatte.\n\nDieser hier ist kleiner in der Höhe. die Auflageflächen sind wackelig, weil man sie zusammenklappen kann. Zudem ist der Gitarrenständer nicht so ganz symetrisch.\n\nIch finde, dass der neue Gitarrenständer leider wie eine sparsame Variante des damaligen daher kommt. Schade!\n\nDennoch wird es manche freuen, wie sehr man den Gitarrenständer jetzt zusammenklappen kann. Ich finde es sehr schade, wie instabil er jetzt wirkt.', 'This guitar stand was easy to put together and it seems quite well made. It holds my bass guitar well but it may not be the most rigid of stands and any bump against the guitar would probably knock it over (and no, I didn’t test that particular theory). Care also has to be taken regarding the bottom of the stand as it has a tendency to swivel around when you take the guitar off the stand, so you have to make sure it has been turned back round before putting your guitar back on.\n\nAt the current price of around £12 I think still this guitar stand is reasonable value, so I’d still recommend.', 'A really good stand, very easy to assemble and was able to display my guitar easily. Love this stand, feels so secure and very nice looking.', "This adjustable folding guitar rack is designed to accommodate a wide range of instruments, including acoustic and electric guitars, bass guitars, and banjos.\n\nOne of the standout features of this guitar stand is its adjustable height. With the ability to adjust the height from 25 to 30 inches, this stand is perfect for musicians of all ages and heights. Additionally, the adjustable width of the stand allows it to securely hold instruments of different sizes, ensuring that your guitar or bass stays in place while you're playing or taking a break.\n\nThe stand itself is made from durable materials, including metal and rubber, ensuring that it can withstand frequent use and last for years to come. The rubber padding on the arms and feet of the stand provides excellent protection for your instrument, preventing any scratches or damage that could occur from contact with the metal parts of the stand.\n\nAnother great feature of this guitar stand is its foldable design. The stand can be easily collapsed for storage or transportation, making it a great option for musicians who need to take their gear on the go.", "My husband has a number of different guitars, so having an extra stand is always helpful.\nIt comes requiring minor assembly. This wasn't difficult, and seemed fairly strong once together.\nWhen testing it with one of his guitars he felt that it was quite strong and held the guitar well and was stable. The only problem he felt was that it could do with a bit more weight in the base, as it did try and tip forward when lifting the guitar off the stand.\nAlso the holder at the top for the neck could do with a bit more padding as it could rub on some guitars with a different shaped neck.\nFor a basic guitar stand it's not too bad for the price and would be fairly hard wearing overall.", "So obviously it's all thin, just a basic stand to hold a guitar.\nWell at that it does it's job! Although on deep carpet it's not the most sturdiest. It's not going to fall over, but it does wobble a bit when placing an instrument in. This doesn't effect it doing it's main job though which is to hold a guitar in it when you're not using it.\n\nThe materials are reasonable quality for what they are. Everything moves and locks into place well enough. Tolerances on the neck holding section are a bit too much but the push in lock button does hold it.\nThe simpleness of the rotating lock with the sticking out bit does work. But I can see this maybe being an issue with a lot of use. Would have made more sense to have a little bit of a better lock there. This is the section that the butt of the guitar sits in.\n\nA little too much at £12-14, but this seems to be a floating inflated price at the minute since there's random pence that have been added to the price.\n\nThis is as basic as I've seen an Amazon basic product. But still of a slightly better quality than the cheaper ones on the same sort of frame.\n\nNot bad overall!", "For the money, this is a great guitar stand.\nConstruction is quick and easy - only three parts to fit together. Once constructed, it's pretty sturdy. The height of the upright support can be adjusted, so it's suitable for all guitars and basses.\n\nMy only real complaint with this stand is that the foam covered bottom forks have an exposed metal end where they hinge. If you're not careful, I think it would be easy to ding the back of your guitar on it. I plan to mod mine by adding a piece of rubber. It seems like a bit of a design oversight that would've been easy to fix with minimal extra materials. Still, it's a minor issue with what is other wise a nice guitar stand that, at £15, won't break the bank.", 'this is a guitar stand from the brand amazon basics, it’s a rather a large free standing guitar stand, stable and hold my full size guitar well, height of the stand is adjustable from minimum 22 inches to maximum 29 inches, fit 26 inches ukuleles too\n\nit came in quite a few parts, assemble required, the tripod base stand quite well when holding my rather heavy guitar, however it’s discouraging to dismantle for storage when not in use, it’s still big and take up much space\n\nanyway, it’s still a good budget guitar stand, does the job, good protection as all contact points got rubber paddings\n\ni’m happy with this product, would recommend', 'This guitar stands does what it says. Provides a stable and durable stand for my guitar. Seems well made. Happy with the £16 price tag too.', "This is a good basic stand, as the Amazon Basics tag suggests!\n\nFor holding inexpensive guitars, I recommend it.\n\nIt's easy to assemble and securely holds your guitar in place against protective padding on the stand.\n\nIt could do with a bit more weight in the base if you've got a heavy guitar.\n\nIt does fold down, but not to a very compact package, so not the best if you want a truly easy portable stand. Better for general home use, for which it's a good value product.", 'This unit is very easy to put together and does not require tools, having 3 parts that slide together. Once assembled it looks good, is sturdy, and holds either Electric or Acoustic Guitars. Having said that the unit is very light so I would suggest it’s a better buy for Acoustic Guitars.\n\nOne real positive about this is it “travels”. This unit can be taken to pieces, put in a back pack or bag and re-assembled in 2 minutes. Ideal for taking to school or college, or just round a friends’ house. Overall I would say this is a good buy and ideal for home or school use.', 'Sturdy, lightweight and easy to assemble. Basic gitar stand but does its job perfectly.', 'Summary\nGood product. Functional and feels good quality.\n\nAssembly\nSlots together in seconds, so good for gigging as well as in my home studio. Good level of height adjustment too with the thumb wheel nut on the back of the stand.\n\nMaterials\nThe stand feels quite sturdy and the parts that touch the instrument are well padded including the neck grip.\n\nValue\nAt £17, decent value. I would say this is one of the better stands that I have used.', "This Amazon Basics guitar stand was easy to assemble and all of the pieces fit together as they should. It isn't the most solid of stands as it's made of lightweight metal but it does the job. The neck support is high enough to clear the body of an acoustic guitar but it won't go much higher. It does feel a bit flimsy but, for this price, you can't really expect much more. I'm not sure how long it will last but, for now, it's a useful addition.", 'Very easy to assemble the stand, took a few minutes altogether. The stand is as basic as it comes but is still very sturdy and has a nice minimalistic look to it. Great value for it, very happy overall.', "I got this for my husband's bass guitar as was sick of it falling over being propped up against the wall and falling down. This is an Amazon Basics product so is a great price and is a decent stand for the money. My husband said it is super easy to put together and is nice and sturdy for his guitar. It looks good too so there really is nothing to say but this comes highly recommended.", 'Thes cheap stands are great.\nI use them to hold motorcycle parts for spraying paint.', 'Great quality Guitar Stand, Adjustable Folding Guitar Rack for all kind of guitars. Lightweight and well made. Easy to assembly. Good value for money. Highly recommended', "I have more guitars than I care to admit, with a few of them stuck in a case under the stairs, meaning they rarely get played, which is why have a stand like this is so handy to be able to pick up and play whenever you want.\n\nStraight out of the box, it takes no time at all to setup, even without instructions.\n\nIt's not the sturdiest, but it does the job well in holding your guitar securely, mainly thanks to the strap which runs across the neck to prevent it from falling.\n\nIt's also adjustable in height, so will be suitable for the majority of either bass, acoustic and electric guitars.\n\nAll in all, it's a good basic stand for the price.\n\nI hope you found this review helpful.", 'Strong and Robust, simple Assemble, Stylish', "Stand de guitare tout ce qu'il y a de plus basique, mais facile à monter. La guitare est bien posée et c'est aussi pratique pour les ukulélé (j'en ai plusieurs).\nBon rapport qualité prix.", 'Facile à assembler.\nLes 2 grands pieds avant s’abaissent plus que sur les photos que j’ai prise je m’en suis rendue compte après.\nPratique et pas cher cela évite que la guitare soit posée au sol.', "Ho potuto prpvare questo Supporto per chitarra per posizionarlo nella camera e devo dire che sono estremamente soddisfatto di questo.\nAll'interno della confezione, ho trovato il supporto diviso in pezzi, che si assemblano facilmente.\n\nUna volta montato, il supporto si presenta robusto e stabile, con una struttura in ferro e imbottitura in gomma morbida (EVA) in tutti i punti di contatto con la chitarra. Questo è un grande vantaggio, poiché protegge lo strumento da graffi o danni accidentali. La base a treppiede è solida e i piedini in gomma antiscivolo garantiscono una presa sicura sul pavimento.\n\nMi è piaciuto particolarmente il design autocentrante della forcella inferiore anche se si ribalta facilmente, e i tappi terminali in gomma che impediscono alla chitarra di scivolare.\n\nInoltre, il meccanismo regolabile in altezza e le serrature a manopola di bloccaggio rendono il supporto adatto a diversi tipi di chitarre ma anche bassi.\n\nIl supporto è anche pieghevole, il che lo rende estremamente comodo da riporre e trasportare.\nSono rimasto piacevolmente sorpreso dalla qualità e funzionalità di questo supporto.\n\nPosso consigliare senza esitazione questo supporto per chitarra a chiunque cerchi un prodotto conveniente ma di buona qualità per esporre e proteggere il proprio strumento musicale.", "It holds the guitar I got this for reasonably well but it isn't the sturdiest of stands by any means.\nA bit wobbly due to its lightweight - does the job but better quality is available for more money.", 'Se cercate uno stativo per la vostra chitarra senza spendere una fortuna ma che abbia anche una certa qualità, allora dovreste valutare l’acquisto di questo prodotto a marchio Amazon Basics.\nArriva diviso in 3 pezzi che si assemblano facilmente anche senza leggere le istruzioni per il montaggio. Una volta assemblato è stabile ed ospita comodamente la chitarra ma può essere anche regolato in altezza se lo si desidera. Inoltre, come ultima caratteristica, il manico può essere assicurato allo stativo grazie ad un elastico impedendo che la chitarra possa cadere se urtata erroneamente. Il costo di poco più di 9 euro lo rende un prodotto sicuramente da acquistare!', 'Tout guitariste sait que le bon nombre de guitare c\'est toujours "une de plus que ce qu\'on a" ! Mais faut bien les rangers et les poses quelque part. C\'est bien pour ça qu\'on a tous une collection de ces pieds de guitares.\n\nLes plus\n+ C\'est LE modèle de base, le moins cher, celui qu\'on trouve partout. Ce n\'est pas le meilleur, mais pour en utiliser depuis des années, ça fait parfaitement le taff.\n\nLes moins\n- J\'aime mieux le système de protection avec une barre pivotante que ce système d\'élastique.\n\nBref, pour conclure vous connaissez ce modèle, vous en avez forcément déja eu un.', 'Je me suis procuré ce pied pour accueillir ma guitare Ibanez.\nIl arrive en 3 morceaux, bien protégés, faciles à monter.\n\nJ’en suis satisfait :\n- C’est stable, avec trépied large et caoutchouc.\n- La hauteur est réglable, et le bas permet d’accueillir n’importe quelle épaisseur d’instrument. Hauteur totale max :\n- Tout ce qui touche la guitare est protégé par de la mousse caoutchoutée.\n- Un élastique permet de verrouiller le manche.\n\nJe recommande, pour la sécurité de l’instrument. De plus, l’avoir toujours sous la main donne envie de jouer !', 'Ich habe den Gitarrenständer kostenlos zum Testen erhlanten. Das Gerät wurde schnell geliefert und war sicher verpackt. Der Zusammenbau geht schnell und unkompliziert auch ohne Anleitung. Der Füße des Gitarrenständers können zusammengeklappt werden. Insgesamt macht das Gerät einen etwas klapprigen instabilen Eindruck. Insb. der Hintere Fuß ist doch recht klein geraten. Wenn man nicht dagegenstößt hält er aber auch schwere Gitarren sicher. Ich glaube mich zu erinnern, dass es vor 1-2 Jahren mal etwas stabileres für den Preis gab. Insgesamt passt das schon. Klein, leicht und gut zu transportieren. Dementsprechend aber etwas wackelig. 4 Sterne.', "Très belle surprise pour ce stand guitare très réussi et bien pensé. L'inclinaison est bonne et rassurante, l'instrument ne peut pas tomber vers l'avant.\n\nL'assemblage est évidemment ultra simple mais au final, il y a un vrai ressenti de stabilité et de robustesse, ce stand est rassurant. Les pièces du stand sont en métal costaud et laisse penser à une belle durée de vie.\n\nOn sait que la faiblesse de ce genre d'article réside dans la sangle plastique qui vient se fermer pour bloquer la guitare mais celle-ci est d'un caoutchouc épais et d'apparence solide.\n\nLa hauteur se règle mais pas non plus à l'infini ! Le stand est globalement bas (donc prévu pour banjo et ukulélé) mais ma guitare classique y trouve très bien sa place également. Le fait qu'il soit bas garantit une bonne stabilité et il est plus discret !\n\nQue de qualités donc pour ce produit que je recommande, d'autant plus que son prix est tout à fait raisonnable ! !", "Support pour guitare de très bonne qualité et facile à monter.\nLe support est compact et très stable.\nParfait pour exposer ma guitare et bien plus pratique qu'un support mural.", 'El soporte metálico para guitarra viene en 3 componentes separados (818g de peso), cada uno en su propia bolsa, junto con la guía del usuario que incluye español.\nLa base de trípode con pies de goma antideslizantes tiene una apertura de unos 46 cm frontales y 28cm hacia atrás. El soporte es estable, siempre que las patas del trípode estén completamente abiertas.\nLas dos horquillas (inferior y superior) que soportan la guitarra, están protegidas por manguitos de goma suave EVA.\nLa horquilla superior está equipada con un cierre de goma para evitar que la guitarra vuelque.\nTanto la inserción como la extracción del soporte superior en/desde el tubo base del trípode es difícil, requiriendo mucha fuerza, por lo que el ajuste de altura se vuelve problemático. En la foto adjunta con la guitarra, el ajuste de altura está al mínimo. Al desmontar los 3 elementos metálicos, se aprecian los rayones dejados en las áreas de contacto, viéndose afectada la pintura protectora negra.\nPuede encontrar información adicional en las fotos y el video adjuntos.\nPor lo que ofrece este soporte básico, el aceptable precio de 14,17€ (en el momento de la compra) contribuye positivamente a la calificación dada. Lo recomiendo para los que no son pretenciosos.', 'Der Amazon Guitar Stand ist ein guter Kompromiss zwischen ausreichender Stabilität und Haltbarkeit, Tragfähigkeit, geringem Gewicht und einer sinnvollen Mobilität.\nDas heißt genauer: Das gute Stück besteht aus 3 Teilen und sollte von unten nach oben zusammengesteckt werden.\nAlso zuerst die Tragegabel für die Gitarre und dann den Arm einsetzen. Macht man es andersherum und lässt das senkrechte Rohr ganz durchfallen, versperrt es sonst die Öffnung für die Achse des Instrumententrägers. Das nur als kleiner Hinweis.\nDer Ständer ist extrem leicht und das soll er auch sein. Die Sturz- und Kippsicherung, die aus einem Silikonband besteht, kann beim Transport nicht zerbrechen wie es z. B. Plastik tun würde. Das sieht auf den ersten Blick ein wenig so aus, als hätte man da gespart – es macht aber Sinn!\nDer Zusammenbau des Ständers geht fix von der Hand und ist nicht unbedingt von Dauer. Genauso schnell ist das Ganze auch wieder zerlegt und passt dann entweder in die Ecke hinter der Tür oder auch in die Tasche vom Gigbag (vielleicht schauen die Enden noch ein bisschen heraus; siehe Foto).\nWichtig: Es fliegen keine losen Teile herum!\n\nDie Tragfähigkeit von 6 kg lasse ich mal so stehen. Meine als absolut bleischwer empfundene Harley Benton HB35 mit 3,7 kg ist aber absolut gut aufgehoben und steht halbwegs sicher.\nAuch andere Modelle vom 4-saiter Bass, Les Paul, Tele-und Stratocaster bis zur Rundbauch-Akustikgitarre sind kein Problem gewesen.\nVon Kipptendenzen kann ich auf halbwegs geradem Boden nichts feststellen.\nDer Ständer federt ein wenig beim Abstellen des Instruments. Das liegt aber auch an der leichten Bauweise. Den Arm kann man, wenn man es denn für nötig hält in der Länge noch ein wenig variieren - das macht aber eigentlich keinen Sinn, das es die Neigung verändert.\nDie geschäumten Teile sind sicher nicht für jede Lackierung etwas für den Dauereinsatz. Aber das gilt für ähnliche Produkte aus anderem Hause genauso.\nAm Ende bleibt ein positiver Eindruck eines unauffälligen Produkts, das es allemal verdient hat, beachtet zu werden.', 'Je recherchais un support pour une guitare acoustique sans trop de fioriture et ce support de chez Amazon Basic est simplement parfait pour mon usage.\n\nInstallation très simple et rendu minimaliste qui laisse le premier role à la guitar. Se fond bien dans le décor et garde la Guitare droite, sécurisé et stable.\n\nTrès bien pour un prix très abordable 👍\n\nJe recommande.', '...das muss wohl so sein.\n\nDer Gitarrenständer kam sicher und gut verpackt bei uns an.\nNa dem auspacken stellte ich fest, dass man das gute Stück ja zusammen bauen muss ,also ran ans Werk.\nNicht man 2 Minuten später stand das gute Stück. Ganz easy klick / klick und fertig.\nEine Beschreibung benötigt man dazu nicht.\nSowohl eine E Gitarre ,als auch eine Konzertgitarre ( in unserem Fall ) passen darauf.\nAlso nicht zusammen , sonder entweder oder.\nDer Gitarrenhals wird dank Polsterung nicht zerkratzt , genauso ,der Klangkörper.\nWir sind zufrieden, der Ständer nimmt nicht viel Platz in Anspruch und schön sieht es auch noch aus , hat meine eine Gitarre im Raum.\nOder mehr 😅\nIch kann den Gitarrenständer empfehlen.', 'Questo stand per chitarra, del marchio Amazon Basics, si è rivelato un ottimo prodotto in termini di robustezza e facilità di utilizzo.\n\nInnanzitutto, arriva smontato nel suo scatolo. I pezzi, sin da subito, mi sono sembrati robusti e ben realizzati. L’installazione avviene in pochi secondi ed una volta inserita la chitarra lo spazio in cui solitamente suono si è rivalutato. Tutto appare più ordinato ed raffinato. Lo stand è regolabile in altezza e vi è un sistema di bloccaggio delle forcelle, al momento, molto efficiente. Inoltre, l’imbottitura in gomma EVA si trova ogni punto di contatto con lo strumento, così si evita di scalfire la chitarra nel tempo. I piedini sono rivestiti in gomma antiscivolo (vedi foto).\n\nNel complesso, è un eccellente stand per chitarra. Il prezzo è super conveniente (appena €9 al momento della recensione), ed i materiali di costruzione sono robusti e ben riusciti.\n\nSpero di esservi stata utile!', "Ho utilizzato questo stand per un po' e nonostante non lo reputo dei più sicuri o robusto, per il prezzo di vendita attuale (circa 10 euro) è un ottimo stand.\n\nCONFEZIONE:\n\nla confezione è semplice e anonima, internamente vi troviamo lo stand smontato e le istruzioni.\n\nQUALITÀ ED ESPERIENZA D'USO:\n\nLo stand si presenta bene, quasi completamente metallico è leggero pieghevole e regolabile. Infatti lo si potrà adattare in altezza e smontare in velocità. Il supporto è gommato in tutti i punti d'appoggio per non rovinare la chitarra ed ha anche un laccio siliconico di sicurezza per bloccare il manico allo stand. Il supporto arriva smontato, ma ci vorrà meno di un minuto per montarlo, una volta finito si potrà subito vedere che non è dei più stabili o robusti, ma tutto sommato il suo lavoro lo riesce fare egregiamente. Poi dopotutto per i quasi 10 euro a cui attualmente è venduto non ci si può lamentare troppo.\nNon mi ha entusiasmato l'aggancio della parte inferiore, che non rimarrà fisso, ma potrà ruotare quando la chitarra non è appoggiata. Cosa non molto problematica in generale, ma che può diventare un problema nel momento in cui ruotando può uscire dall'incastro e smontarsi completamente. Quindi fate attenzione quando la chitarra non è sullo stand a non farlo ruotare.\n\nPREGI:\n\n- Economico\n- Imbottito\n- Regolabile\n- Veloce da smontare e riporre\n\nDIFETTI:\n\n- Non dei più robusti o stabili in circolazione\n- Abbastanza sicuro, ma bisogna stare attenti alla parte inferiore\n\nCONCLUSIONI:\n\nIn conclusione sicuramente questo stand non è dei più stabili o robusti in circolazione, ma il suo lavoro lo riesce a fare, è regolabile, curato nei dettagli e per i quasi 10 euro a cui è venduto non credo si possa pretendere di più.", 'Der Gitarrenständer ist leicht und schnell aufbaubar. Und dabei durchaus standfest.\nSicher - dadurch, dass er zusammenklappbar ist, ist er nicht ganz so stabil wie mein bisheriger Gitarrenständer. Aber das ist in meinen Augen eben der Nachteil, den man in Kauf nehmen muss, wenn man einen günstigen mobilen Ständer haben möchte.', 'J’ai comparé ce support à celui que je possède, de la marque Stagg. Je l’ai depuis 20 ans, donc je ne sais plus combien je l’avais payé à l’époque, mais il devait tourner aux alentours de 15-20 €. Le produit Amazon Basics est actuellement à près de 16 €, ce qui est élevé pour sa qualité. On peut trouver des supports aussi basiques et mieux pensés pour moins cher (comme le Woodbrass GS30, à 9 €).\n\nLe stand Amazon a sans doute été conçu pour être un peu moins encombrant que les autres, puisque deux éléments sont pliables (je ne compte pas le trépied) : l’étrier (la fourche qui supporte la guitare) et la tête contre laquelle repose le manche. Honnêtement, vu le gain de place minime que cela engendre, je ne comprends pas trop ce choix. C’est peut-être juste pour faciliter l’expédition ? En effet, on ne replie pas un stand de guitare tous les jours, car c’est un objet fixe. Si on le fait, on raye sans arrêt le métal et on enlève à chaque fois un peu plus de peinture.\n\nPremier problème : les finitions. Le « bouton » en métal rétractable qui permet d’empêcher la tête de se replier est resté bloqué dans le tube quand j’ai utilisé pour la première le matériel. J’ai dû aller le récupérer avec un trombone…\n\nDeuxième problème, remarqué dès que j’ai posé la guitare : il manque de stabilité. Les trois pieds se croisent à environ 50 mm du sol, là où mon autre support est à 35 mm. De plus, les pieds sont 3 ou 4 cm plus courts. Conséquence : il bascule vers l’avant si vous posez mal la guitare, et il peut également se balancer un peu sur les côtés. L’écartement des deux plus grands pieds est généralement de 52 ou 53 cm sur un support standard. Là, il est de 46 cm.\n\nTroisième problème : les protections ne sont pas suffisantes sur l’étrier. Vous pouvez remarquer sur les photos que les deux parties de la « fourche » se rejoignent à un endroit où le métal est apparent. Si vous posez trop vite votre instrument, il peut cogner dedans et être abîmé.\n\nDernier problème (mineur) : la tête du support (la partie supérieure qui peut se plier) n’est pas un tube et est donc très désagréable à saisir si l’on veut déplacer le stand avec la guitare dessus.\n\nConclusion : mal fini, pas stable, mal pensé, cher. Mais comme il n’est pas nul au point de mériter 2/5, je lui mets 2,5/5.', "Supporto da terra per chitarra stabile e sufficientemente robusto da sostenere il peso dello strumento senza che cadi o che si sbilanci. La mia chitarra classica non ha problemi a stare dritta e ben posizionata all'interno del supporto. L'ampia base gli consente di mantenere stabilità e non far perdere l'equilibrio alla chitarra.\n\nE' facile da montare e poco ingombrante. Ha anche un bel design. Il rapporto qualità-prezzo è ottimo. Consigliatissimo ++++", 'La consegna è stata lampo.\nIL supporto arriva in una scatola ben realizzata.\nAll’interno abbiamo il supporto in tre pezzi da assemblare.\nIl montaggio è facile e non si ha necessità di attrezzi, nel foglio illustrativo vi è indicata la procedura da seguire per il montaggio del supporto.\n\nUna volta montato il tutto e pronto per accogliere la nostra chitarra, tutte le parti a contatto con lo strumento sono rivestite in gomma espansa per proteggere e non provocare graffi allo strumento, dove va posizionato la tastiera il supporto è dotato di una chiusura con un elastico in gomma per non far cadere la chitarra accidentalmente.\n\nE un ottimo supporto per la chitarra e lo consiglio.\nRapporto qualità prezzo e ottimo.\nSpero di esservi stato utile nella scelta del prodotto.', 'Die Überschrift verrät es bereits: Für gerade mal 15 Euro bekommt man hier wirklich viel Ständer fürs Geld.\n\nDie Rohre sind sauber matt lackiert, ich konnte keine scharfen Kanten ausmachen.\n\nDie Montage gestaltet sich sehr einfach. Bei meinen Tests montiere ich solche Artikel meistens erst mal ohne Anleitung um zu sehen wie einfach oder eben schwer es geht.\nHier war es wie gesagt recht einfach. Allerdings habe ich danach noch mal einen Blick in die Anleitung geworfen um zu sehen, ob alles richtig ist, denn der untere Haltebügel wird wirklich nur aufgeklappt ein eingesteckt - funktioniert aber prima.\nDie Höhe der Halterung für den Hals lässt sich ebenfalls noch auf die jeweilige Gitarre einstellen. Diese besitzt zudem eine Sicherung für den Hals - eine Gummilasche. Diese wirkt auf mich allerdings etwas billig und passt irgendwie nicht ganz zum insgesamt guten Gesamtbild.\n\nAusprobiert habe ich den Ständer mit meiner Fender Hellcat (Akkustikgitarre) und meiner Harley Benton Amarok (E-Gitarre) und beide passen gut auf den Ständer.\n\nVon der Stabilität bin ich allerdings nicht ganz so begeistert, da der Ständer dazu neigt nach hinten weg zu kippen. Da bin ich von meinen Fender Bass & Offset Mini Stands anderes gewohnt - die kosten aber auch das Doppelte.\n\nBitte nicht falsch verstehen: Von alleine kippt da gar nichts! Allerdings kippt der Ständer sehr schnell nach hinten weg, wenn man auf die darauf stehende Gitarre von vorne eine Kraft ausübt.\n\nMein Fazit: Man bekommt hier wirklich viel fürs Geld. Die Verarbeitung ist total OK, die Optik auch. Der Zusammenbau gestaltet sich - spätestens wenn man die Anleitung nutzt - kinderleicht. Die Stabilität könnte meiner Meinung nach etwas höher sein, ist aber für den normalen Haushalt ausreichend. Daher bekommt der Ständer von mir auch 5 Sterne.', "Le support de guitare est de bonne qualité, facile à monter cela m'a pris moins de 3 minutes pour l'installer, j'y ai posé ma guitare électrique pour qu'elle ait au moins sa place, plutôt que de rester enfermée dans une pochette derrière un meuble, je trouvais ça dommage de ne pas pouvoir la mettre en avant.", 'Dieses Set wird in einem Karton geliefert, in welchem die Teile gut verpackt sind. Auf Plastikverpackung konnte leider nicht verzichtet werden.\n\nEine Montageanleitung ist in mehreren Sprachen vorhanden und der Aufbau ist bildlich dargestellt.\n\nDie Verarbeitung des Metalls ist sehr gut und mir gefällt die schwarzmatte Farbe. Und den Füßen sind Antirutsch-Gummikappen angebracht, welche den Ständer standfest machen.\n\nNun aber zu meinem Sternabzug: die untere Stange lässt sich zwar einfach montieren ist aber sehr wackelig und instabil. Die Gabeln sind zwar mit weichem Schaumstoff geschützt, doch dazwischen ist ein Metallstück und daran stößt sich meine Gitarre oft. Wäre schön wenn dieses Stückchen auch noch geschützt wäre.\n\nAnsonsten ist es ein qualitativer Gitarrenständer der sich schnell und kompakt zusammenfalten lässt.', 'Pas de fioritures pour ce support hyper basique mais qui fait le job sans broncher … l’important c’est la bonne tenue de la guitare, et ce support se fait discret pour la mettre en valeur … tout en offrant un maintien efficace. Produit parfait pour moi !', 'Der vertikale Gitarrenständer sieht optisch so aus wie die meisten seiner Art. Er stützt das jeweilige Instrument am Hals und an der Unterseite/ am unteren Rücken. Die Verarbeitung ist völlig okay für diese Preislage. Die Ummantelung der Stützrohre mit EVA-Schaum ist schön weich und zweckdienlich. Ich wollte den Ständer für meine Westerngitarre haben, da ich momentan nur einen A-Ständer habe.\n\nDie unteren Stützrohre sind nicht starr, sondern bewegen sich als Paar ein Stück weit entweder nach rechts oder links unten, wenn das Instrument darauf platziert wird. Man muss also die Gitarre mitsamt Rohren erst in eine waagerechte Position bringen, bevor man sie loslassen kann. Das ist aber bislang bei allen mir bekannten vertikalen Ständern so gewesen.\n\nWo der Gitarrenhals gehalten wird, kann man einen Sicherheitsriegel vor der Halterung befestigen. Das ist sehr praktisch, weil die Gitarre dadurch daran gehindert wird, nach vorne aus dem Ständer zu kippen. Natürlich kann sie auch noch mit dem ganzen Ständer umkippen, aber das ist schwieriger. Im Gegensatz zu einem A-Ständer eignet sich dieser auch für Ecken, wo das Instrument doch mal einen kleinen Stoß abbekommen kann und dann nicht gleich seitlich wegfallen sollte.\n\nDer Ständer lässt sich in drei Teile zerlegen. So kann man ihn platzsparend wegpacken und auch unterwegs mitnehmen. Der Zusammenbau ist sehr einfach. Die drei Füße mit den bodenschonenden Gummikappen können flach und breit oder höher und damit insgesamt schmaler hingestellt werden. Je nach Wunsch. Der Ständer ist nur für jeweils ein Instrument gedacht und kann höhentechnisch darauf abgestimmt werden. Dadurch ist sowohl eine Gitarre als auch eine Ukulele darauf abstellbar. Meine Westerngitarre hat auf dem Amazon Basics Gitarrenständer einen guten Halt und ich bin bis jetzt sehr zufrieden damit.', "Bellissimo stand porta chitarra in ferro con piedini protettivi in eva (etilene vinil acetato) e ha un gancino nella parte sopra per fermare il manico della chitarra.E' formato da tre parti che sono da montare insieme, c'è un libretto d'istruzioni con immagini per cui basta seguirlo e si monta in meno di 5 minuti.Una volta montato è alto circa 65 cm la base misura 47 cm di lunghezza e 30 di profondità.Il libretto di istruzioni in varie lingue spiega le misure di sicurezza, l'uso previsto, il montaggio, la pulizia,la manutenzione,lo smaltimento e le specifiche nonché fornisce un link per dare un feedback e ricevere aiuto nel caso si abbia bisogno di assistenza riguardo questo prodotto.Prezzo Ottimo,solo € 9.40 e prodotto valido,tiene ferma e in piedi la mia chitarra con un ingombro minimo.", 'Tengo dos guitarras en casa. Una acústica y una eléctrica. Para una de ellas, ya tenía donde ponerla, pero la otra no. He pillado este soporte para tener una para cada una.\n\nEs un soporte básico, pero muy bien construido. No ocupa prácticamente nada de espacio porque si lo quieres guardar, puedes cerrar las patas para que ocupe aún menos. Está construido en metal y plástico. Tiene una altura suficiente para apoyar una acústica grande como la mia (la mia es una jumbo), lo que está genial. Es estable y tiene un cierre para el mastil de la guitarra, de manera que no haya ningún accidente con un golpe en el mastil y que se vaya al suelo. La verdad es que es muy económico y tiene muy buenas prestaciones.', "J'ai pris le support de guitare Amazon Basics pour mes instruments et j'en suis plutôt satisfait. Il est pliable, réglable et convient parfaitement pour les guitares acoustiques et électriques, ainsi que pour les guitares basses et les banjos. Cependant, je trouve qu'il n'est pas idéal pour un Oud, dommage !", 'Se trata de un soporte simple pero funcional. Está construido en metal que se siente bueno y revestido en las partes que entran en contacto con la guitarra con un material acolchado, para evitar que el instrumento se pueda dañar. Viene desmontado y para montarlo basta con acoplar unas pocas piezas de forma fácil.\n\nEl diseño es sencillo, en color negro con líneas limpias, me parece acertado para lucir la guitarra sin desviar la atención al soporte. Se puede adaptar su altura y plegarlo para guardarlo. Tiene una goma para cerrar alrededor del mástil y evitar que se caiga, lo cual me parece un punto muy positivo.\n\nEn líneas generales me parece que está bastante bien ya que dentro de la sencillez es muy funcional y cumple perfectamente su objetivo. Ronda los 17€, un precio razonable.', 'Die Verarbeitung und das Material sind gut. Hier gibt es nichts zu meckern oder zu motzen. Nichts stinkt, riecht oder hat irgendwelche für mich erkennbare Fehler.\nDen Preis finde ich für die Qualität angemessen wobei es hier bei Amazon preislich sowieso fast stündlich Schwankungen gibt - daher ist es sinnvoll vor dem Kauf noch einmal eine kurze Recherche durchzuführen.\n\nIch bin jetzt nach knapp 2 Monaten mehr als zufrieden. Im Alltag gibt es bisher keine Beanstandungen - daher kann ich auch über den Hersteller und seine Arbeit etwas sagen … schlicht und ergreifend deshalb, weil ich nichts in Anspruch nehmen musste.\n\nSomit fällt mein Fazit äußert positiv aus. Preis, Verarbeitung, Material und Funktion haben keinen Grund für einen Sterneabzug ergeben. Daher gibt es beide Daumen hoch von meiner Seite.\nSollte sich allerdings noch etwas ergeben, werde ich meine Rezension entsprechend anpassen - in der Zwischenzeit gibt es verdiente\n5 Sterne ⭐⭐⭐⭐', 'Facilement transportable car démonté il ne prend pas de place et il est léger\nIl support jusqu à 6 kg et il se monte et démonte très facilement\nIl est résistant, stable\nC est pratique', "Voici un support adapté pour tout type de guitare qui vous permettra de ranger correctement votre instrument et même de le mettre en mode expo à la maison.\n\nSimple mais efficace, il est acier peint de couleur noire. Un modèle qui se replie facilement pour un rangement sans encombre.\n\nA moins de 20 euros, c'est un investissement rentable qui vous le rendra bien.", 'Anfangs war ich etwas skeptisch ob dieser sehr leichte Gitarrenständer meinem Instrument ausreichend Halt bieten kann. Nach dem schnell und intuitiv erledigtem Zusammenbau ergeben die gut verpackten Einzelteile einen stabilen, sicher stehenden Gitarrenständer. Alle Stellen des Ständers die mit der Gitarre in Berührung kommen sind mit weichen Moosgummi überzogen der die Gitarre sehr gut vor Beschädigungen schützt. Der obere Bügel, der dem Hals der Gitarre Halt bietet, lässt sich in der Höhe verstellen so dass der Ständer auch kleinere Instrumente sicher aufnimmt.\nDurch die Konstruktion als Dreibein kann nichts kippeln oder wackeln. Das hintere der drei Beine ist etwas kürzer wodurch sich eine Neigung des Ständers nach hinten ergibt. Dadurch liegt die Gitarre auch dann sicher im Ständer wenn man den an der oberen Gabel angebrachten Sicherungsgummi nicht einhängt. Das dürfte im Einsatz auf der Bühne auch der Regelfall sein um die Gitarre schnell aufnehmen oder ablegen zu können. Die untere Aufnahmegabel des Ständers ist drehbar und selbstnivellierend ausgelegt so das automatisch ein senkrechter Stand der Gitarre erreicht wird.\nFür diesen einfachen, schnell aufzubauenden, für Instrumente in verschiedensten Größen einsetzbare und hervorragend funktionierenden Gitarrenständer mit gutem Preis-Leisungsverhältnis gibt es volle fünf Bewertungssterne und eine Kaufempfehlung für alle Hobbymusiker die eine sicheren Ständer für kleines Geld suchen.']